Baseline: 32 quotes out of 595 viewers
Variation 1: 30 quotes out of 599 viewers
Variation 2: 18 quotes out of 622 viewers
Variation 3: 51 quotes out of 606 viewers
Variation 4: 38 quotes out of 578 viewers

Based on the information given in the problem description, here is the structure of a request form:
category,location

What questions would you ask me about my goals and methodology?
1) How did you divide the 3000 requests among the four variations quantitatively? Evenly or unevenly?
2) How many requests did you generate the baseline numbers from?
3) What's the relationship between request and provider? 1:1, 1:Many, Many:1 or Many to Many? (For example, "Many:Many" means that one request can be sent to more than one providers, vice vsersa)


Do you have any thoughts on the experimental design?
1) Different values of request category and location should be distributed evenly in the four variation group. For example, if we have the following requets:
category,location
Catering,New York
Catering,San Francisco
Catering,Chicago
Catering,Denver
Personal,San Francisco
Personal,New York
Personal,Chicago
Personal,Denver
Design,Chicago
Design,New York
Design,San Francisco
Design,Denver
Babysitting,Denver
Babysitting,New York
Babysitting,San Francisco
Babysitting,Chicago

then EACH variation should get category: "Catering","Personal","Design" and "Babysitting" and location: "New York","San Francisco","Chicago" and "Denver"
2)


What's your interpretation of these results?
To answer this question, I need to form the following assumptions:
- Each variation got 750 requests
- The relationship between request and provider is Many:Many, meaning one request can be sent to more than one providers, vice vsersa
- Different values of request category and location are distributed evenly in the four variation group

What conclusions would you draw?
Based on the same assumption mentioned in my answer to the question above, here is my conclusion:


Please provide statistical justification for your conclusions and explain the choices you made in your analysis.
